drills: Describe questions and tasks (#29)
open-education-hub/methodology: chapters/develop-organize/drills/reading/README.md

# Drills

> Owner: Teo Duțu
> Reviewer: Gabi Mocanu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# Drills

Drills are educational activities designed to reinforce learning through repetitive practice.

> The primary goal of drills is to promote mastery and internalization of skills or knowledge.

Reviewer 2: You learn.

Author: you know both spellings are correct

Reviewer 2: Adding this to the list of triggers 🙉

There can be problems with a statement and a solution that's required to be written down by the learner.
There can be practice items that require the learner to construct a solution as a digital application, a solution that ca be passed through an automated checking and grading system, as presented in [the "Validators and Checkers" section](../../../infrastructure/checkers/reading/README.md).

## Validation and Grading

We heavily emphasize that validating answers submitted to drills be automated to as large of an extent as possible.
This brings the following advantages:

> 1. It frees up the teachers' time to invest in the more stimulating aspects of education, such as improving their content, engaging in discussions, answering students' questions and many more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. It frees up the educators' time to invest in the more stimulating aspects of education, such as improving their content, engaging in discussions, answering learners' questions, and many more.
```

Questions are the best candidates for automatic grading due to the predictability of their answers.

1. [Tasks](./tasks.md) on the other hand require students / trainees to provide a **solution**, such as a proof, the steps how they reached the answer or an essay.
While difficult to automate with regards to grading, tasks are a more profound type of drill that specifically targets the students' reasoning.
This is why grading them should be done by humans (most of the time).

The descriptions of the two types of drills outlined above are not exhaustive.
There are in fact countless types of drills that may be used.
For a more in-depth look, you may consult the various quiz deployment platforms in existence.
In our opinion, two strong starting points are [Blackboard](https://help.blackboard.com/Learn/Instructor/Ultra/Tests_Pools_Surveys/Question_Types) and [Moodle](https://docs.moodle.org/402/en/Question_types)

## Storage

We propose that each drill be stored in a separate folder together with all supporting files, such as images, solutions, code, etc.
This allows great flexibility when importing, exporting or extracting drills, as all files related to a particular one are grouped.

> For a more detailed analysis of the contents of each drill type's folders, check the corresponding sections regarding [Questions](./questions.md#storage) and [Tasks](./tasks.md#storage).
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
This is repetitive, the previous lines contain a short description for each and the link.

Author: what?

Reviewer 2: The above enumeration contains these items. I thought you forgot to delete this.

Author: No, I left this here on purpose to draw more attention to each type of drill. I don't think it's a problem.

## Use Cases

Drills may become part of any teaching stage:

- During lectures, **questions** may be used for quick quizzes to keep the audience engaged.

> - During labs **questions** may once again be grouped into quizzes while **tasks** make up the exercises that students must solve.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- During labs, **questions** may once again be grouped into quizzes while **tasks** make up the exercises for learners to solve.
```

- Assignments can sometimes consist of one or more drills.
This applies to both **questions** that can be employed as quizzes and **tasks**, such as essays or reports.

- For exams, drills are useful for practical exams while questions are for quiz exams.

As mentioned in the [section above](#use-cases), drills used in lectures and labs are more suited as learning / practice items.

> In particular, during labs and sometimes assignments, questions may be a tool for students to evaluate themselves, without intervention from the teacher, while exams mmay use drills for actual evaluation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In particular, during labs and sometimes assignments, questions may be a tool for students to evaluate themselves, without intervention from the teacher, while exams may use drills for actual evaluation.
```

Reviewer 2: "actual evaluation" sounds weird. Just call it "grading".

> In this case, tasks become relevant for teacher-graded evaluation.

Reviewer 2: The classical ["this declaration does not declare anything"](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/21610637/declaration-does-not-declare-anything-warning).

Examples of such answers multiple-choice questions, predefined words, numbers, etc.
Questions are the best candidates for automatic grading due to the predictability of their answers.

1. [Tasks](./tasks.md) on the other hand require students / trainees to provide a **solution**, such as a proof, the steps how they reached the answer or an essay.
While difficult to automate with regards to grading, tasks are a more profound type of drill that specifically targets the students' reasoning.
This is why grading them should be done by humans (most of the time).

The descriptions of the two types of drills outlined above are not exhaustive.
There are in fact countless types of drills that may be used.
For a more in-depth look, you may consult the various quiz deployment platforms in existence.
In our opinion, two strong starting points are [Blackboard](https://help.blackboard.com/Learn/Instructor/Ultra/Tests_Pools_Surveys/Question_Types) and [Moodle](https://docs.moodle.org/402/en/Question_types)

## Storage

We propose that each drill be stored in a separate folder together with all supporting files, such as images, solutions, code, etc.

> This allows great flexibility when importing, exporting or extracting drills, as all files related to a particular one are grouped.

Author: Not sure if this is what you meant by flexibility, @razvand. What did you have in mind specifically?

Reviewer: It's good imo
